README.md, before:

# template project for hexagonal-spring-boot-kotlin


This is a template project for hexagonal-spring-boot-java. This project is generated using [copier](https://copier.readthedocs.io/en/stable/) [![Copier](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/copier-org/copier/master/img/badge/badge-grayscale-inverted-border-orange.json)](https://github.com/copier-org/copier).

## Pre-requisites

- [copier](https://copier.readthedocs.io/en/stable/#installation)
- Jdk 21
- Maven >3.9.5

## How to contribute ?

```mermaid
flowchart LR
        A(["User"])
        A --> B["Updates 'example' project"]
        B --> C["Raise PR to main branch"]
        C --> D["CI pipeline"]
        D --> E
        E(["Merged to main"])
```

### example

This directory contains the maven hexagonal-spring-boot-kotlin template project. This will be used to generate template project for copier. This project is used for the contributors to make their changes and test it locally.

Following are the keywords reserved for the template project and their equivalent replacements in {{app_name}} project:

| Keyword      | Replacement                   |
|--------------|-------------------------------|
| Examples     | {{domain_plural_capitalized}} |
| examples     | {{domain_plural}}             |
| Example      | {{domain_capitalized}}        |
| example      | {{domain}}                    |
| packagename  | {{package_name}}              |
| artifactName | {{artifact_id}}               |
| group-id     | {{group_id}}                  |
| EXAMPLES     | {{domain_plural_uppercase}}   |
| EXAMPLE      | {{domain_uppercase}}          |

Refer script [generate-copier-template-from-example-project.sh](generate-copier-template-from-example-project.sh) which is used to generate the copier template project. This script is also being used by [`.github/workflows/ci.yaml`](.github/workflows/ci.yaml) pipeline too.

### {{app_name}}

> NOTE: DO NOT MODIFY THIS DIRECTORY DIRECTLY

This directory contains the generated project from `example` project. The project is generated using the script [generate-cookiecutter-template-from-example-project.sh](generate-copier-template-from-example-project.sh) which is used to generate the copier template project.

Commit message:

docs: update README with badge and clarify project generation instructions

README.md, after:

# template project for hexagonal-spring-boot-kotlin [![Copier](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/copier-org/copier/master/img/badge/badge-grayscale-inverted-border-orange.json)](https://github.com/copier-org/copier)


This is a template project for hexagonal-spring-boot-java. This project is generated using [copier](https://copier.readthedocs.io/en/stable/) .

## Pre-requisites

- [copier](https://copier.readthedocs.io/en/stable/#installation)
- Jdk 21
- Maven >3.9.5

## How to contribute ?

```mermaid
flowchart LR
        A(["User"])
        A --> B["Updates 'example' project"]
        B --> C["Raise PR to main branch"]
        C --> D["CI pipeline"]
        D --> E
        E(["Merged to main"])
```

### example

This directory contains the maven hexagonal-spring-boot-kotlin template project. This will be used to generate template project for copier. This project is used for the contributors to make their changes and test it locally.

Following are the keywords reserved for the template project and their equivalent replacements in {{app_name}} project:

| Keyword      | Replacement                   |
|--------------|-------------------------------|
| Examples     | {{domain_plural_capitalized}} |
| examples     | {{domain_plural}}             |
| Example      | {{domain_capitalized}}        |
| example      | {{domain}}                    |
| packagename  | {{package_name}}              |
| artifactName | {{artifact_id}}               |
| group-id     | {{group_id}}                  |
| EXAMPLES     | {{domain_plural_uppercase}}   |
| EXAMPLE      | {{domain_uppercase}}          |

Refer script [generate-copier-template-from-example-project.sh](generate-copier-template-from-example-project.sh) which is used to generate the copier template project. This script is also being used by [generate-template.yaml](.github/workflows/generate-template.yaml) pipeline too.

### {{app_name}}

> [!WARNING]
> DO NOT MODIFY THIS DIRECTORY DIRECTLY

This directory contains the generated project from `example` project. The project is generated using the script [generate-cookiecutter-template-from-example-project.sh](generate-copier-template-from-example-project.sh) which is used to generate the copier template project.


## Generating a new project

The following command can be used to generate a new project using this template:

```bash
copier copy . <destination_folder>
```

Command to generate with default values without prompt:

```bash
copier copy . . --defaults
```
